Docs: add SEO meta descriptions to each page (#1699)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaLogs: docs/victorialogs/querying/vlogscli.md

---
weight:
title: vlogscli

> description: "Interactive command-line LogsQL query tool for VictoriaLogs with history, live tailing, and multiple output formats."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Use vlogscli, an interactive command-line tool, to query VictoriaLogs with LogsQL, history, live tailing, and multiple output formats."
```
